Baking a toast description, #5 (#14)
component-driven/ds-101-workshop: slides/ds101-worskhop.mdx

---

# Backing a toast

## Ice breaker

<Notes>

### Why

We are doing this exercise as an ice-breaker. This helps our participants to get to know each other

> and us. During his exersise, we are also trying-out the collaborative tools which we are going

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and us. During this exercise, we are also trying-out the collaborative tools which we are going
```
